Improve variable documentation (#594)
opengisch/QField-docs: documentation/how-to/variables.en.md

- **Global Variables:** Application-wide global variables with a set of read-only variables.

## Project Variables

Project variables are defined and managed directly within the QGIS project on your desktop.
They allow you to add custom variables that are only relevant in the context of a specific project.
QField users can edit those variables, with modified values remembered across sessions.

## Global Variables

QField comes pre-configured with some read-only global variables which are visible in *Settings > Variables*.
New variables can be added or modified and will be available in QField across sessions.

!!! Information
    The read-only variables differ from device to device. These reflect the global variables from the specific QGIS version that was being used to develop the installed version of QField.

## Variable Management in QField

Variables are managed directly on your device and are accessible in all available QField projects.
When you access the variables list in QField ( *Settings > Variables* ), you will find a consolidated and organized view of all available variables.

### Variable configuration

:material-tablet: Fieldwork

> To configure a applicaton-specific variable, follow these steps:

Author: ```suggestion
To configure a application-specific variable, follow these steps:
```

## Global Variables

> QField comes pre-configured with some global variables which are visible in Settings->Variables.

Author: This will need someone with documentation experience to make sure the menu access (Settings->Variables) is syntactically correct. @beanzmo

Reviewer: I am not sure what you mean?

Author: I assume that we have a standard way of referring to menu structures in a consistent way inside the documentation `Settings->Variables` or `Settings`>`Variables` or ...

Reviewer: got it. most commonly I think is > which I dont like but I will get used to it

> New global variables can be added or modified and will be available in QField across sessions.
> Global variables can be used to add a unique identifier across a fleet of QField devices if `@cloud_username` is not available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New device-specific variables can be added or modified and will be available in QField across sessions.
These will be available under the global settings section in QField.
```
